CDFUNK<LINK TO FUNKEY FILES>Undocumented functionsQuick KeyA 	FreeformB 	South, South East Arranger No. 1You can edit your arrangement while in play mode by holding down the ctrl key. This will enable you to hear an on the fly change. For Quick Access to a particular point in your arrangement, you can position the play head within any part of your arrangement while in stop mode. You will only hear the sounds that start at your insert point. If your play head is positioned within a sound it will not play.C 	Bore Place Arranger No. 2You can edit your arrangement while in play mode by holding down the ctrl key. This will enable you to hear an on the fly change. For Quick Access to a particular point in your arrangement, you can position the play head within any part of your arrangement while in stop mode. You will only hear the sounds that start at your insert point. If your play head is positioned within a sound it will not play.D	 Keys No. 1PC ONLY Hold down shift key to quantise ASDFGHJK and L keysE 	BouncerF 	StaticG 	PainterUse the ctrl key down to rub out parts of your painting.H 	Battenburg No. 1Space bar suspends the movement of the iconsuse the space bar again to re animate.I 	Battenburg No. 2Space bar suspends the movement of the iconsuse the space bar again to re animate.J 	BurroughsUse left arrow and right arrow to scroll through the alphabet.K 	Keys No. 2PC ONLY Hold down shift key to quantise ASDFGHJK and L keysL 	SliderM 	Knuckle Arranger No. 3You can edit your arrangement while in play mode by holding down the ctrl key. This will enable you to hear an on the fly change. For Quick Access to a particular point in your arrangement, you can position the play head within any part of your arrangement while in stop mode. You will only hear the sounds that start at your insert point. If your play head is positioned within a sound it will not play.N 	Nodule Arranger No. 4You can edit your arrangement while in play mode by holding down the ctrl key. This will enable you to hear an on the fly change. For Quick Access to a particular point in your arrangement, you can position the play head within any part of your arrangement while in stop mode. You will only hear the sounds that start at your insert point. If your play head is positioned within a sound it will not play.